Sir, you will live your life naturally!
What do your family members think?
Do you think I am a god?
He actually dropped all the soldiers, benevolence, support and care.
In the late stage, Bing En will be hopeless.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
It's all my fault
Bing En is now in danger of regaining consciousness
But I have to hand it in as soon as I’m discharged from hospital.
We are a hospital here
Not a period of selfishness
If you don’t pay today
Bing En will be discharged directly from the hospital
I will definitely find a way to please or not.
Why don't you sell the house?
Please be gentle
Help me sell my assistant
It doesn’t matter if the next Emperor comes
I'm really in a hurry to save people.
Are you sure there is no woman on your arm?
Or else
Xianzheng Safety Seventh General Manager
the person you are looking for
Just generally good
I accepted it
Besides, I'll ask you for something
It was his last one
He wants you to be among the top seven
I need to use a lot of hands on him
And it's not worth it, okay, okay, girls, girls
Go to sleep first